Allow a website opened by script to use iframe_api (#1245)
thecodingmachine/workadventure: docs/maps/api-reference.md

### Opening/closing a web page in an iFrame

```
openCoWebSite(url : string, allowApi: boolean = false, allowPolicy: string = "") : void
closeCoWebSite(): void
```

> Opens the webpage at "url" in an iFrame (on the right side of the screen) or close that iFrame. `allowApi` allow the webpage to use the "IFrame API" and execute script. `allowPolicy` grant additional access rights to the webpage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opens the webpage at "url" in an iFrame (on the right side of the screen) or close that iFrame. `allowApi` allows the webpage to use the "IFrame API" and execute script (it is equivalent to putting the `openWebsiteAllowApi` property in the map). `allowPolicy` grants additional access rights to the iFrame. The `allowPolicy` parameter is turned into an [`allow` feature policy in the iFrame](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe#attr-allow).
```
